people beautiful that her back
switched on new video of me
I would like to inform you briefly today
namely on 1
eyeliner and I always wait for that from
sands i was extremely satisfied or am
extremely satisfied with that is part of one
penis and yes he has such a broader
top and I'm doing very well
deal
the problem is I had about
two months my first and have there
I already realized that I am very
probably with the feeling that I'm tomorrow too
get along well with it and yes
after two months then the problem was
I did not know what was going on
is because of such a yellow layer
The tip I formed is you
then remove because I thought
maybe I arrived somewhere
or cotton or something is on it
and I've done it
the next day was even more and more
then threw away a new one
bought because I did not know if
have I properly stored or
Not
I bought with a new one because
here
and yes, then, look around again
and half a month ago and today
I'll open it tomorrow and have it again
this one knows yellow like cotton so i think
not that you will see
agree with this eyeliner mold
I have now asked dm the
then asked in the central
There were no complaints
about that
I will mention myself
I'll give you the pen you have
I promised that they would send it
and that they look what that is
So I had to get a new one
Search and I was today, as I said
dm and have discussed that there and have
now by maybelline masterpiece liquid
has eyeliner more in it brought and upload
a similar tip she is one
a little late
you can have different thicknesses or thin ones
paint lines
I have to see how I handle it
come because the tip just so very
is much softer and that of the
essential of a pen a track is firmer
yes I think it's a pity because how
I actually love this pen
and yes, I just can not live with it
that moldy me every two months
because he was actually still wet me
So supplied with enough moisture
been
and yes I find it very regrettable and
if someone from henzler sees then
please correct that in the pencils because
that is really very idle always to it
respect, think highly of
I really did not do anything wrong
who was not in the air for too long
purely dunked or something else
So I do not understand what the problem
was and in that sense I wish you
Have a nice day